Narrator: High on a hill in an enchanted garden was the Fountain of Fair Fortune
Once every year, on the longest day, the Fountain lets one person go through
And fight to the Fountain, and bathe in its waters, and receive their happiness too
Altheda: Good morning, witches, how are you today?
Asha: Better, if I could be the one to bathe
Amata: Me, too; I’m Amata; what are your names?
And what do you suffer?
Asha: My name is Asha, and I am quite ill
I cannot be healed by magic or pill
To bathe in thе Fountain is my only will
So I can be cured
Altheda: And I, Althеda, was robbed of my home
A sorcerer stole my wand and my gold
Now I leave, impoverished and cold
The Fountain can help me
Amata: And I’m in love with a man who left me
Though he is gone, I still love him dearly
I want to heal my heart finally
So I can move on, move on
Narrator: It’s time!
Altheda: Wait, I have an idea:
Let’s reach the Fountain as one
Amata: But how?
Altheda: We’ll all grab hands and hold on tight
Asha, Altheda and Amata: Our adventure has just begun
We’ll fight to the Fountain and bathe in its waters
‘Til our sadnesses are undone
Asha: The vines have got me! Quick, grab my wrist!
Altheda: Amata!
Amata: Got it
Asha: It’s working!
Amata: Wait! I’m stuck on something
???: Ow!
Asha, Altheda and ???: What’s going on?
Amata: It’s too late! We’re all getting pulled through the wall
???: Wow
Asha and Altheda: What’s he doing here?
Amata: I– I’m sorry, I got caught on him
Asha and Altheda: Who are you?
Sir Luckless: My name’s Sir Luckless, and I’m out of luck
By your magic powers, I am struck
I have no skill or magic; I’m stuck
So I will withdraw
Amata: Faint heart! Faint heart! Please help us fight
Come, draw your sword and be a brave knight
Sir Luckless: Faint heart! Faint heart! I’m not prepared
Amata: Can I help?
Sir Luckless: I wish the Fountain can save me from being scared
Amata: Can I save you from being scared?
We’ll help you, then — won’t we?
Altheda: If you two are done having your moment, can we please move on?
Amata: Sorry
*
Narrator: The witches and sad knight ventured forth through the garden thick and lush
The sun was blazing overhead, and the quartet started to rush
All: To fight to the Fountain and bathe in its waters, ’til their painful thoughts were hushed
Asha: Stop
Sir Luckless: What?
Amata: What’s wrong?
Asha: Shh! It might hear us
Altheda: I don’t see anything. What is it?
Asha: A giant worm
We’re going to have to pass it
It’s blocking the whole path; it knows we’re here
We’ve got to reach the Fountain
There’s no use staying put in fear
Asha, Altheda, Amata and Sir Luckless: There’s no turning back now
As we approach this monster, bloated and white
Lord knows that we are nervous
But we will not give up the fight
Voice: Pay me the proof of your pain
Altheda: What? The proof of what?
Asha: Our pain … what does that mean?
Sir Luckless: I– I’ll kill him with my sword! Hah!
Altheda: That didn’t work
Sir Luckless: My blade snapped in half!
Amata: We can’t give up. Asha and I will cast spells and … Altheda, try throwing rocks at it

[breakdown]
Asha: [sobs] Nothing’s working
Amata: Keep trying
Asha: There I was
I thought that I had finally found the cure
But it turns out that we can’t even endure
Our first test
Here I am
So close to death that I can barely smile
Oh, I’ve forgotten how to smile
So, please
I just want to smile again
Be cured, and then I’ll be pleased
And remember how to live
Asha, Altheda, Amata and Sir Luckless: Here we are
Four strangers thrown together on a quest
And we are really trying our best
So, please
We just want to smile again
Get through, and then we’ll be pleased
And remember how to live
And remember how to live
And remember how to live
Asha: [sobs] I just want to live
Sir Luckless: Look, the worm is moving!
Altheda: It’s moving towards Asha! Get away, you foul —
Amata: No, wait!
Sir Luckless: It’s drinking her tears
Asha: [laughs] That tickles
Amata: It’s moving away! The path is clear!
Asha: Guess what?
Altheda: What?
Asha: I’m smiling
*
Narrator: Our heroes moved forward with even more haste, and began to climb a hill
But halfway up the steepened slope came their second obstacle
All: To fight to the Fountain and bathe in its waters, ’til their wishes were fulfilled
Altheda: Look!
Sir Luckless: What?
Altheda: Written on the ground
Voice: Pay me the fruit of your labours
Asha: The what?
Altheda: Like, real fruit?
Amata: Or money!
Sir Luckless: I have a coin
Amata: Put it on the hill!
Asha: Oh no, it’s rolling away!
Altheda: We’re going to keep climbing
No matter what this inscription says
Asha, Altheda, Amata and Sir Luckless: We’ve got to reach the Fountain
And up the hill’s our only chance
Asha: Why are we still climbing?
Sir Luckless: We’ve been going for hours
Amata: The summit gets no closer
And the words are still on the ground
Altheda: Don’t fear now
We’ll make it somehow
Walk with me, feel the sweat on your brow
Take it slow
No matter how far we have to go
We will get there, this I know
So heed my guide
I have nothing left but my pride
And I won’t lose that too
Please be strong
We’ve been walking for so long
Take my hand, hear my song
Asha, Altheda, Amata and Sir Luckless: Be my guide
We won’t lose our pride
Sir Luckless: Look! Altheda’s sweat has made the inscription vanish!
Asha: We can move upward now
*
Narrator: Once more, our team climbed up a hill, and they glimpsed the Fountain afar
But a third challenge blocked their way; they had no clue what they had in store
All: To fight to the Fountain and bathe in its waters, ’til their woes were no more
Sir Luckless: Oh, no!
Asha: A stream is blocking our path
Amata: Look, in the middle! An inscription on the stone!
Voice: Pay me the treasures of your past
Altheda: Not another riddle!
Sir Luckless: Let me float across on my shield
Asha: I really don’t think that will …
Sir Luckless: Here I go!
Amata: He’s sinking! Quick, pull him out!
Altheda: Gotcha
Sir Luckless: [coughs] Thanks
Amata: We’ve got to get across now
Our chances will be lost once the sun sets
And if we do not make it
I’ll never be able to forget —
Sir Luckless: Amata?
Amata: I know what to do
I’ll remember
I’ll remember, even though I don’t want to
I’ll remember all the good times I had with you
Tried to block you out of my mind
But I knew that, in time, I’d remember
Be forced to remember
I remember
The touch of your hand
The sound of your voice
Your lips on my lips
Memories, taking over me
Begone, memories, begone!
I’ll cast you into the stream
Pay the treasures of my past
And maybe I’ll finally be free
Of the memories that plague me, break me
Sir Luckless: Amata …
Asha: Shh
Amata: I’ll remember
All the happy times we had
But now I’m just sad
Because I love you and you’re gone
Sir Luckless: Does she see me?
Amata: My memory’s a sign
Forget the tears I’ve cried
Sir Luckless: Will she ever see me?
Amata: And move on, Amata
Both: Move on!
Asha, Altheda and Sir Luckless: Remember the happy times you had
And don’t be sad ’cause he’s gone
Amata: And I won’t be sad
Asha and Altheda: Your memory’s a sign
Sir Luckless: Does she see me?
Amata: I’ll forget the tears I’ve cried
Asha, Altheda and Amata: And move on, and we can move on
Move on
Amata: [sobs]
Sir Luckless: Amata, I —
Asha: Look! Stepping stones have appeared across the river! And I can see the Fountain!
Altheda: Let’s go!
Sir Luckless: Amata, are you all right?
Amata: Yeah, I’m fine. Let’s get this over —
Asha: [screams]
Altheda: Asha?
Asha: Help!
Amata: What’s going on?
Sir Luckless: What happened?
Altheda: She’s collapsed. Asha, Asha!
Asha: Please
I am close to death, so don’t touch me
Just leave me be, thanks to you
I’ve remembered how to smile
Sir Luckless: Asha?
Altheda: No! I won’t let her die. Luckless, give me your water gourd
Sir Luckless: What are you doing?
Altheda: I’ll bet one of the herbs in this enchanted garden will cure Asha
Asha, Altheda, Amata and Sir Luckless: Please
Altheda, Amata and Sir Luckless: Let there be something to save our friend
She’s at the end of her days
Asha: Please
Altheda, Amata and Sir Luckless: And now we can barely smile
Altheda: Here, Asha. Drink this

[pause]
Asha: There I was
Thinking that my sickness had no cure
But now I’m feeling better, thanks to her
I don’t need the Fountain anymore! I’m healed! Let Altheda bathe!
Altheda: But, if I can cure this disease, I can earn all the gold I need! Let Amata bathe
Amata: Ha! I don’t need to. I’ve moved on
Sir Luckless: You have?
Asha: Go ahead, brave knight. You’ve earned it
Sir Luckless: Brave, me?
Grew up in a castle, far away from here
Never matched the other knights with horse or sword or spear
But it seems that all my dreams are coming true here with you, my friends
Never watched a sunrise with anybody else
Never told a secret, except for to myself
Now I’m watching sunsets and bathing in the Fountain
Asha, Altheda, Amata and Sir Luckless: With you, my friends
Sir Luckless: Amata, I have a confession to make
When you all grabbed hands, I grabbed onto your cape
I thought you were the most beautiful woman I’d ever seen
Amata: Faint heart! Faint heart!
Sir Luckless: I have a faint heart
Both: Please take my heart and never let it go
Asha, Altheda, Amata and Sir Luckless: Now we are four friends, and we walk side by side
We’ve kept our memories, our smiles, our pride
And what happens now, only fate will decide
Narrator: They fought to the Fountain, they bathed in its waters
Though there was no magic inside
Asha, Altheda, Amata and Sir Luckless: The magic was in our hands