[Part I]

[Intro]
​inteNsifyCharts, you know we icy

[Verse 1: ZEDSU]
Yo' bitch ain't shit, I bet that I could find her at Petco
I got arms on me, I hit you with shot, gon' leave you at endzone (Ooh)
I'm havin' fun with her, niggas is bout to go dumb (Yeah)
I'm 'bout to go hooligan, I'm bout to go up again (
Mathias
)
Your bitch, oh she like a G-SHOCK, your bitch oh-so fake, Ikea
I have two bitches like [?], why am I so hot [?]
Woah, what, woah, huh, cocaine all in her nose, uh
Propane all on my flow, uh, [?] breakin' the code, uh
Damn, yeah, I got a ton and nobody can copy
Better go kill me 'cause you cannot rob me
I guess she wanna suck on me inside me
But I got a [?], they just wanna go get me some gold

[?] niggas' hands is dirty, they fuck with corona
No, I ain't sippin' on that lean, but I'm leanin' in my dreams
I got visions, and my powers go past all these pussies' dreams

[?] come and [?], I need to go and cop me a coupe
Ride through your town, slide through your hood
Drivin' [?] straight to your roof
Fuck!

[Interlude 1: Xanakin Skywok]
Ayy, what? Oh
Mathias
Oh, I'm supposed to rap right now, fuck it! Let's do it!

[Verse 2: Xanakin Skywok, 
Dkoolpharaoh
]
This .30 make a nigga look bulimic

[?] so much I got seasick
I swear he is a bitch-ass nigga, he ain't seen shit
And when I called his ma, she invited me for deep dish
All these bitches trying to flex their titties, but she got none
She really 'bout to [?] and I not talking Top Gun
I really got the tool, [?] shoot your granny with my shotgun
If you really act a fool, I'ma show you that I'm not one, ooh (Wow!)
Grip on my dick, dirty bitch like this
Fight that pussy till the kitty looks lifeless
Baby don't come after me
If you really want beef, I'ma slide you like a Jeep
Glizzy Gladiator, she gon' suck me up till I pee
Leave my nut in her teeth, you know what I mean, oh! (Yeah)
What the fuck do y'all know about finessin'? (What?)
I just sold a fake mothership from [?] (
Ayy, ayy, ayy, uh
)

[Part II]

[Verse 3: Dkoolpharaoh, 
Kiid Spyro
]
I'm up with a strap and a vest
So if a foe wanna test me, I do which is best (Uh!)
If he wanna talk like he pressed
Then I give him two seconds just to air out his chest
We blessed him by how he's fly today
If he claim that he rock, he gets sailed away
Watch us port to his nest and take what he lay
Then it's on to the next for who ever thinks thay safe
So don't think that you're safe when I'm in your zone (What else?)
We got scopes in the hill that can clean your dome (What else?)
When we clip load that TEC, he get stretched by chrome (What else?)
Its not a glimpse its a scrape when we in his zone (Ayy, ayy)
He get sent to the realm like a different home
Why he twitch on the floor? He just spittin' foam
He get dragged to a tomb how we sent him home (
Mathias
)
Then we piss on his grave and say "Welcome home" (Hey??)
He know I be hot with the triggers (Brrow!)
We recycle his block for the thrillers (Haha!)
See this choppa kick back like a hiccup (Brrt!)
If we don't get what we a want, for the lic up (Mhm!)
We do this for money so stick ups (Huh?)
We blessing your block like some bishops (Uh huh)
Or we snatchin' your money so tip us (Uh huh)
So if you don't want the smoke, just shut up  (Uh huh)
Or we slide on your block with a auto Glock (Auto Glock)
When we clip down a square he get outlined in chalk (-Lined in chalk)
We do not miss the shot foe we hot your spot (
Yeah, yeah
)
If you got the juice, then we drench your spot. (
Yeah, yeah
)

[Verse 4: Kiid Spyro]
Yeah, let that nigga try me, let him run up on me
Bitch, I got like seven, he got bands all on me
Nigga wanna best me, best me in my army (
Mathias
)
Tell that nigga test me, he gon' meet this .40
I'm gon' fuck his bitch, I'm gonna take his shorty (Take his shorty)
I ain't pullin' up if there gon' be no party (Yeah, party)
Cops come talk to me, I don't know no story (I don't know)
Cops come talk to you, you gon' tell the story (Yeah)
Two time, too bad that nigga wanna flex like me like, damn
I bet that nigga be talking, he [?] like a mo'fuckin' bitch when I walk past his shit
Money and diamonds and fame, give a fuck 'bout a bitch if it ain't gon' be runnin' my name (My name)
I got a Glock by my hip [?] spray then you know we gon' bang
If you know we gon' bang, we gon' take you out, bullets gon' slump, leave you in the couch
Niggas talk shit, like to run their mouth, so we diggin' 'em up, put 'em in the ground
Nobody look and nobody found, we hidin' these [?], I ain't going down
Choppa on me leave a fuck nigga dead, so are we gonna do it now?

[Part III]

[Interlude 2: Champ T]
Mathias
Yeah, I'ma run it up
Yeah, uh, momma taught me how to run it up
Yeah, yeah, yeah

[Verse 5: Champ T]
Momma taught me how to run it up (Yeah!)
And she told me never leave without it in a truck (Pew-pew-pew-pew-pew!)
I be real, homie, keep it a buck
I heard your newest shit and it fuckin' sucks, I eat that for lunch, cooked chicken
Money, bands, women with me, call that good pickins'
So deep, I'm fuckin' swimmin'
On me 'bout half a million
Yeah, yeah, I just talk my shit, I ain't writing, fuck a pen
This right here is called the V.I.P., you cannot fuckin' come in
Wanna tell me, damn, I cannot commit
Sorry, baby, I'm a dog, I'm a mo'fuckin' Pit, yeah
I'm a pit when I walk in dripped
In the pit ain't no walkin', flip they shit
When my set hit, it look like Coachella-ella

[?] got no skips, I'm tryna tell her
With a les' bitch and I ain't on fuckin' Ellen, yeah

[Interlude 3: Champ T]
Hahaha... maybe one day though, yeah
Oh yeah, yeah!

[Verse 6: KIL]
He thought I sold him a perc', but my Tylenol bottle be winning a trophy for acting
Bitch, you be takin' a Xanax to blacking out, waking up yacking, you don't know what happen (Oh yeah)
She go up and down like she writing in Japanese, all in the walls like a nail in the tapestry
Hand in her pants, then orgasm happy, and she coming fast like them Amazon packages
Walk in the bitch, fucking up your establishment, your ho in rotation like claiming the baggages
Give me some top in pajamas, I'm napping, and when I eat pussy, I'm tucking a napkin in
She take a knee like she idolize Kaepernick, we on the hunt like we tracking or scavenging
I'm in the cut like we rippin' up bandages, rip off her top, I don't care if it's scandalous

[Verse 7: Samad Savage]
Hey, we all got the drip, but you're more like Dasani, huh
We be in the building, the closest you get is the lobby, huh
Get that top real neatly, but I still like it real sloppy
Trust I never fall, but I'm ready to go catch a body
Listen, I'm ahead of my time, I see life through a veteran's eyes, you never heard a nigga better than I
You never find anybody who competitive, my celibate mind, nobody can ever fuck with

[?] feces, I be on my dumb shit, read you cappin', you be on your Trump shit?
You don't really want this? I ain't gotta stunt quick, and I really mean this, can I get a beatswitch?

[Part IV]

[Verse 8: Samad Savage]
Up, like I'm nocturnal (
Mathias
)
Get around, like circles
Nigga, you slumped for the green like turtles
You get jumped, like hurdles
I was just chilling in the pad, listening to fab
You was breaking rap like a nigga tryna pull his cast
I was breaking bad, cooking meth, it's how I get a bag
I ain't talking trash, you can bet [?] glad
You was gettin' mad like my name without the S-A, uh
They don't want me here like my SAs (Ayy!)
Put 'em to the test, no essays (Ayy!)
Water damage, I'ma let the TEC spray (Yeah, huh)
Ha! Rolling, JK (Hogwarts!)
Sweet, but I'm nutty I need a payday
She lettin' a bro smash, no Melee
Got these nigga panickin' after April, that's mayday! (
Mathias
)

[Verse 9: Ethan Ross]
First wanna say I suck, it's a knife cut, through his right lung, and buried without his eyes shut
Fuck this, you could even ask my teachers, I was never one to write much, off-top, I could fuck a life up
I might just aim at the industry, I take 'em all out
Saw me as a pussy, now their eyes gettin' clawed out, motherfucker thought he was big, so I make him fall down
I know I'm sick as a bitch, but I'm never caught out, everybody gettin' called out
I used to play to a small crowd, now it's a large one, wonder what can stop me? Bitch, that's a hard one
What? He talkin' shit? How much he make? That's what I thought
I got a girl, she nasty as fuck, she don't want dick if it's not Ethan Ross
Lately, I been wantin' to blow somebody brains out
Ironically, your bitch wanna blow me, give me brain now
You just talkin' 'bout the life and I'm livin' it, shortly really got the wet, I'ma dip in it
I can get double digits doin' triplets, rappers fake crippin', they blue it, I cripple 'em
Blow my dick, yellow bitch, I be steamin', it's hot, everything I do the cream of the crop
Yo' girl havin' a dream of my cock, foot on the pavement, I heat up the block
You is a pussy, get beat up a lot, catch you a little two-piece and I knock
You right out your Adidas and socks, strippin' your wrist, I'm in need of a watch
Punchin' these holes in the wall, tell my boss that I'm tired of punchin' the clock
Run me a hundred grand, do you keep it a hundred or not?
I'm not a player, she think I be fuckin' a lot so I guess I be fuckin' a lot
Everybody told me that my tone ain't so approachable so I don't give a fuck if it's not
Bitch

[Interlude 4: MASTAMIIND]
Um, yeah, huh, whore, aye
Yeah, huh, what? Heh, um

[Verse 10: MASTAMIIND & 
Kazuo
]
Okay, off-top and off-topic, I'm agitated
Had more lines as an infant than cracked out babies
I be hungry, fuck with me, feed my cravings
And don't give spoon-fulls, I'm a grown-ass baby
Looking upon my feed, you think you're fuckin' with me?
Your balls out the park to try me, so you not
In my league, I rape these beats
The cash flow with longer reciepts
Til' I deplete, it's triple 4, the fuck you mean?
I got a lot up my sleeve, like a magician
Running up fast like a car with the speed
I got the Piston, Squidward how she
Blow on my reed, told her to kiss it
Then I told that bitch to get up and leave
The head was iffy, and bitch I'm colder
With the pen than my neck on a fucking
Freezer though, I might got more fans
Than you got in your own city, hoe
Fishy-ass niggas be really lookin' like nematodes
She be loving Honey Nut, spoon the dick
Like some cheerios, balling like no assist
Bitch, cut you, scythe or the cist shit
Sophisticated the fittest bars, like where the drinks hit
Fuck corona I been sick, looking at my logistics
Talk shit, and I'm at your door like Jehovah's Witness
You snake ass niggas be hissing, be slithering
Don't make me cut out your tongue so
You won't be saying that slick shit
I'm the type of nigga to dick ya sis
And never finish 'cause that pussy be
Smelling like cigarettes and a fish stick
Niggas talkin' about money, other niggas
Have, they ain't earned, I got pigeons
Doing gymnastics, really flipping the bird
It's the words that I fly, as a whirly twirl like I'm up
So the early bird gets the worm, um
Higher in places and high in the mind so I'm up now
You ain't on no come up you just down
From the up crowd, Plankton; I'm dropping
For fun, I blow the whole town, leave ya angel
To rot, you get popped, now your soul down
(
Two, three, yeah
) (
Mathias
)

[Verse 11: Kazuo]
Tell the media that I am rap music
Every GTA copy owned by every mass shooter
The bullets that penetrated every middle-class student
Who don't look at [?] future, [?] get treated as human
And it's for the inner cities, they below the rat sewers
Let the police handle them, especially the black hoolans
I be smack, movin' pack, [?] can't handle it
Should've been born affluent
I bleed red like the bricks of the projects
Seen death, I'm relivin' it constant
Preach less, where we're living is godless

[?] is a prophet
本日何の冒険起こるね
論外のこと全ても反応ねえ
Old friend shot and robbed at the 公園
白ハト飛んでハートを取をって
See, the game is oversaturated
Institution, fuck a [?],  got to rap to make it
No-no-no-no-not much changin' since emancipation
Niggas thinkin' I ain't real 'cause [?]
でも逆に these bogus rappers, bunch of hopeless bastards
End up owned by masters and don't own their masters
I don't know what's sadder, that shit don't empower

[?] scattered just to go so backwards
それダメダメですよ, yeah
泣け泣け絶望
火曜から月曜, yeah
命を消すよ, yeah!
君のかののマンコに入れで
ちんこでかくてたくさん血出た
人生も意味ない手首切れば
貴様今からマジ死ねば？ (Woah, uh-oh!)
君は誰？

[?]の意味分かんね
喋り[?]
喋り[?]
Yeah, the type to tell a bitch 'fore she kill herself, "God damn, at least let me fuck first"
I say I'm not like these other guys, in reality, I am much worse